## Project

For potential breaking changes, please open an issue explaining what is the feature/breaking change you want to add, after review and discussion it may or may not be accepted thus development may not be able to continue.

For minor changes that don't break backwards compatibility you can either open an issue discussing the potential changes or a pull request with the desired changes. The issue is preferred as it would avoid working on something that wouldn't be merged, however it is useful to have materialized code and see if the changes make sense that way. The Pull requests may o may not be accepted please keep in mind that is a possibility so you don't get discouraged if the changes are not accepted.

## Build and Run

- Install the latest .NET SDK (unless specified by global.json)
- fork (or clone the repository if you're exploring the repository)
- You can either run `dotnet fsi build.fsx` to run the build and test pipeline or run dotnet build directly on the root.

## Documentation

The documentation is generated by an in-house half baked static site generator.

- Update or add a markdown file within the `/markdown` directory
- Update or add a new section within the `toc.json` file
  - For updates, please also add your name in the contributors array
  - For new pages, please use your GH username as the author of the new page
- run `dotnet run --project src/Hox.Docs` and open a local dev server in the docs output
- Please only commit the markdown/toc changes, changes to the docs output will not be accepted.

There's going to be a more streamlined way to preview changes but it'll take time.

After that feel free to send a pull request, similarly to above, changes may or may not be accepted, so if you feel the change is significant enough raise an issue first.
## Samples

Load the `samples/Samples.sln` solution
The rest of the process is similar to the previously mentioned ones.
